Add missing changelog entry for #4063 (#4068)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

- Clarify the trace SDK should log discarded events and links.
  ([#4064](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4064))

> - Add new experimental `Enabled` API to the `Tracer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new in-development `Enabled` API to the `Tracer`.
```

  ([#4063](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4063))

### Metrics

> - Add new experimental `Enabled` API to meter instruments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new in-development `Enabled` API to meter instruments.
```
